Okay, moving ahead, in step two,
we'll create our entities.
So I'll create the entities here into this entity package.
So I'll just create a new Java class,
and I'll create a new Java class for customer.
I'll set up my JPA annotations here for entity,
reference the table, name customer.
And I'll also make use of Lombok annotations,
getter and setter, for Lombok to generate
the appropriate getter and setter that's for me.
For this customer class, we need to create four fields:
ID, firstname, lastname, and email.
And then next I need to go through
and actually "at" my JPA annotations
to map these fields to database columns.
And I will just copy-paste the at column X number of times,
and update the names accordingly.
And, in fact, if you've played around with higher (mumbles)
JPA for awhile, you know that the at column
annotation is optional.
If you don't give a reference,
it will simply use the name of the field for mapping.
So I could really do this without the at column annotation,
but I like to do this just to be explicit.
Also, in the event that the database schema changes,
I can easily make the change here
without having to, have any major changes anywhere else.
Alrighty, so that's customer.
Let's go ahead and create a new class for address.
And so we'll do a similar approach here,
so I'll just kind of
copy some of the information from my previous
customer class,
and I'll put that into the address.
And be sure to update the @table annotation
to point to address.
Alrighty, so then I'll go through
and define the fields here for the address,
and I'll hold off on setting up reference to order.
We'll get into that in a bit.
All right.
Now just cover the basic fields for right now.
Move over to customer, I'll copy the ID generation stuff,
and then I'll make the appropriate updates here for column.
Alrighty, so that coding looks pretty good.
Good job.